We just created this farm with several different types of input in it in the farm.
Were using the post method and were not specifying of value for the action attribute.
So when this farm is submitted it'll be submitted to itself.
So here at the top if the post method was used we're dumping out the contents of the post to be ready.
In a browser if we supply some values for some of these fields and submit the farm the array is empty.
This is because none of the inputs have any name attributes.
When a farm is submitted the value in the name attribute is used as the index in the get our post to.
The value for the name can be anything you'd like as long as it doesn't contain the space.
And of course it makes sense to give it a meaningful name.
So now that this input has a value for the name attribute.
If we supply a value in this control and submit the farm we see the value in the array with the index
coming from the name attribute.
If an input doesn't have a value in the name attribute we can't access its value when the form is submitted
as the browser doesn't send anything for that input.
So let's add a name value for the rest of these inputs like that.
Then in the browser we can supply values for some of these controls.
And when we submit the farm we can access all these values in the post array.
Even if we didn't type something in an input control an empty strongest submitted notes that everything
is submitted as a string.
Even now some of these values might be numbers.
Everything in the post are getter Ray.
It's always a string.
Each name needs to be unique.
Inside the farm if a name is repeated then only the latest value will be accessible.
One type of input that we can't enter a value in is the hidden field.
This type of input is for when you want some data to be sent on the farm is submitted.
But the use it doesn't need to see it.
If we can't type anything into this field then how do we supply a value.
We do that using the value attribute.
So when we submit the farm now we can't see this hidden field but when it's submitted the hidden field
value is sent along with the rest of the values in the farm.
Note that as we saw earlier with comments in extra email this value can be viewed if you view the page
source.
So don't use the hidden field for anything sensitive.
We can also use the value attributes for any other input.
This value will be shown in the input control when the farm is loaded.
For example if we add a value attribute to the first input like that.
When we first opened the form the field already contains that value.
And of course unless we change it this value is what's submitted when we submit the form.
This can be used to display fields when editing some data for example are to provide a default value
for a field.
Finally in this video there are three types of input that don't give us a control where we can enter
a value these out image button and submit using inputs of these types gives us buttons that will submit
the farm.
However the button element is now the preferred way of creating a submit button as it's more flexible
and has several advantages like being able to include x t mail inside the clickable area of the button.
We have a simple button at the end of our farm here.
When we click this button the farm is admitted.
But there's also a shortcut to submitting a farm.
If one of the input controls has the focus which means the text cursor is inside one of the controls
and you can type in it.
If you press enter the far Miss submit it.
This only works however if there is a submit button on the farm.